luwiantype/README.md, before:

LuwianType Package v1.0
==================
2024/06/30

Maintainer: Jonathan Walls

jonathan.walls@ling-phil.ox.ac.uk

___________________________

The LuwianType package allows for typing in Hieroglyphic Luwian in LaTeX documents, using relatively simple commands based on the Latin transcriptions of the various signs. It also includes some formatting commands designed to allow boustrophedon and columns, as well as shorthands for symbols commonly used in transcriptions.

The example.tex file is the LaTeX version of the documentation which can be run as a testing ground for new users.

__________________________


  Copyright 2024 Jonathan Walls
  
   This work may be distributed and/or modified under the
   conditions of the LaTeX Project Public License, either version 1.3
   of this license or (at your option) any later version.
   The latest version of this license is in
     http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt
   and version 1.3 or later is part of all distributions of LaTeX
   version 2005/12/01 or later.
  
   This work has the LPPL maintenance status “maintained”.
   
   The Current Maintainer of this work is Jonathan Walls.
  
   This work consists of the file example.tex
   and the derived file LuwianType.sty.

Commit message:

Update README.md with versioning and licensing changes

luwiantype/README.md, after:

LuwianType Package v1.1
==================
2024/07/15

Maintainer: Jonathan Walls

jonathan.walls@ling-phil.ox.ac.uk

___________________________

The LuwianType package allows for typing in Hieroglyphic Luwian in LaTeX documents, using relatively simple commands based on the Latin transcriptions of the various signs. It also includes some formatting commands designed to allow boustrophedon and columns, as well as shorthands for symbols commonly used in transcriptions.

The luwiantype-doc.tex file is the LaTeX version of the documentation which can be run as a testing ground for new users.

__________________________


Copyright 2024 Jonathan Walls

This work may be distributed and/or modified under the
conditions of the LaTeX Project Public License, either version 1.3
of this license or (at your option) any later version.

The latest version of this license is in
  https://www.latex-project.org/lppl/lppl-1-3c.txt
and version 1.3c or later is part of all distributions of LaTeX
version 2008 or later.

This work has the LPPL maintenance status `maintained'.
   
The Current Maintainer of this work is Jonathan Walls.

This work consists of the files luwiantype-doc.tex and the derived file luwiantype.sty. 

The LuwianFont.ttf file consists of the Google Noto Sans Anatolian Hieroglyphs font, distributed under the terms of the included Open Font License.


Version history:
1.1 - updated to comply with CTAN formatting requirements, adjustments to licensing
